welcome folks to another life break here
from Australia this town's got a
2006-2007 NBA espied game used let's get
straight into it we've got six packs and
in every pack again used or order or of
course patch so here's hoping for the
low status and hopefully nice patch of
some sort go the right status I'd say I
forgot all right we've got the rookie
Randy Foye now decoy a game used of
Marvin Williams nice red patch and a
damaged the top just a base tactic we've
got just two we've got a dandy get we've
got the raymond felton just jersey
silver white walks over and another base
an overly thick packet up now pass
obviously
well I we have got not oniy got ice got
ice and the rookie exclusives auto